All right, so previously I was talking about working in the salon biz.
Before we create a global context and send the user information and the token there.
Right?
However, we don't actually have to wait for the in page.
We can actually start implementing that feature now because on the sign up we are already getting the
user and the token from our server.
Right.
So that means we can already have that information.
And when the user logs in for the very first time when they sign up, we don't have to ask them to log
in, but we can immediately authenticate the user.
So we can, you know, take them to the dashboard page or something like that.
So that means we want to work on the context so that the information that we get from the backend,
the token and the user, we want to send that in a context so that it is available globally for the
entire application.
Because we need to take for the authenticated user in many different places, many different components,
right?
So for that, we're going to use context.
So that is something we have already done.
Now we have already created this same context and then we input it in our objectives so that we could
access the theme in the entire application.
Right?
So it's the same concept.
Now we're going to create another context for authentication so that we can save the user's information
and the token.
All right.
So let's go ahead, create a new file in our context folder.
We call it use.
So to create a context first, we need some hooks.
So we need to use state use effect and then create context.
We are.
Then we create a context.
We can call it a context, a cluster.
We use this function, create context, we execute that all.
So that's how we create a context.
Now we need to provide this context as well.
And for that we can create a component of a grid call it are provided.
Well, for one.
And here.
First we need to have a stick.
Right.
Second of set costs equals to use states.
And the default value we're going to use is.
We came to have the user and took the right to user.
That will be the empty object.
We can call it no.
Or you can use these objects.
Syntax no means basically empty objects so we can use them and the token will have the string value.
So by default, we can leave it like this.
All right.
So that's how state.
Next one.
How we want to.
Provide grants, we want to provide the value.
Now, before we do that, what we are also going to do is this user information that we get on sign
up that information not only we want to save in the context, but we also want to save in the local
stories because the value in the context will be lost when you reload the application.
If you reload the browser, it will be lost.
All right, so when something like that happens and the browser reloads, the user come back to visit
our site later.
So that time what we want to do is we want to grab that value from the local storage.
So if it exists there, then we want to grab that and populate the state.
All right.
So, so that user don't have to log in is time to browser reloads.
They come back to our application.
So for that, we can use use effect to which runs with the component months.
Right.
So you the effect it takes a function as an argument.
We do our function.
And the second argument is the dependent theory.
And in our case we just leave it empty.
We just want to run it when the component runs.
All right.
So here, what we want to do is we want to grab the value from local store as if it exist.
Now, of course, we haven't said anything in the local stores yet, so at the moment there will be
nothing.
But very soon we'll be going back to our signup base and the the sign of response that we get from a
server, the user in token we're going to save in the local stories as well as well as in the context.
So it will be there.
All right.
So first, we have to check if we have the local stories, if local stories and if there is item called
us.
If there is, then to grab that you can use this function called get to use local stories is actually
really easy to use so as you can see you.
To get the items from the local storage, you give the key.
So if we save anything by the name of oath, which will be the key and values, then we can access that
using widget item.
And if you want to save anything that time, you will use a function called set item, get item and
set items.
Pretty straightforward.
All right, so if we have the auth in the local storage, we want to grab that.
You can see we grabbed that and we saved we populate our state using that value.
Now, while doing that, we also use this function decent pass to pass this value.
You can see we used the decent pass pass the value that we are getting from the local service because
anything you save in the level service, you save in the decent data format.
So that looks almost exactly the same as ours could object.
But there is there are differences.
So it is simple as this in data.
However, when we want to use an application that has to be a task object.
All right, so this function will convert the decent duties of a script object.
So that way we can start using the values.
So next time when we sign up will save the user in token.
So at that time, even on the press release, this function would run and grab that value and put in
our state here.
So with all that, all we need to do is return the the provider to return
all context.
It for fun.
So we have a literature to the context and that gives us this provider which we can use to provide the
state.
And then anything that is wrapped in between which which will be rendered at children books.
So we going to have children.
So that means we can grab these children from.
And then here we want to pass the values of values going to be this one.
The state or it will have the value and set forth will be able to upgrade the state to symbolize that
this is how we create out of context.
Now you can see we can pass the children proofs, we can receive that and then render while we are providing
the value.
So that means now we can import this provider, you know, averages that way the entire application
will be available here, the children and they will have access to the bed.
Okay.
So with this, let's go to AB and let's import that just like we did the theme provided.
Let's import.
Of up from.
Context plus.
And then we want to wrap.
We want to wrap.
Let's just cut loose and use our provider.
And then it's based that magnet.
Beautiful.
Now within our application anyway, we can import the auto context and start using the values from the
context the host and set out to update the context.
So we can do that.
Also, let's not forget to export because we are already imported here.
What for what?
However, we have an exports to export.
This time we're exploring our context to then provide.
All right.
It's not a different expert, so you always need to make sure to input dish structure.
Perfect.
Now we should be able to access the global context, this earth context, anyway in our application.
So let's give it a try.
And in the following lecture, we're going to send the sign of response and put that in the context
and see how that works.
Let's go.
Let's give it a try.
Let's try to compete to have the home base.
Let's try to see if we have access to what context, input or context from.
So from here we go.
One step up, get in type components.
Sorry, not important context in off.
To use our context, we need to import the use context who get involved use context from React.
And then now we can start using that term.
It's called context.
And that would be pronounced parts.
So it needs to use context.
And we give the context of context of that.
So we we import the context.
We use the use context to hook.
Past the hour context, and that gives us the value from that context.
Now we can have a look.
So let's just try here.
Let me just to use feedback just so that it will be a bit more readable.
So Jason, string it off and then we can pass some additional values so that it is it will look a bit
more readable, right.
If you don't pass it like that, have a look now.
It's good home.
This ensuring our stand is that context we should be able to see the.
Author provided nothing was returned from the render.
What profile?
What context?
What a provider.
We may have to restart because we made this change in our efforts with Ferrara.
I think we have to give it a restart and try to.
All right.
And then that's who to whom.
So we have input of context.
We access this fairly set off from all the context and we try to have a look at that.
This is an object, so you can just have a look at it like that.
So you can do that.
That's why we did this.
This in street fun.
Hmm.
Okay.
So that's a really silly mistake.
Sorry about that.
So what I did is I wrote everything inside to use effect.
That's.
That's not right.
So let me cut this out.
All right?
So obviously, that shouldn't be there.
So this is a huge effect.
So that's first argument.
The function second element is the dependent theory.
So that's useful.
And then finally, we have to return something from this component, right?
So we put that here on first to get a pull inside.
So that was a problem.
So it's fixed now.
Let's come here.
And let's have a look.
Now, you can see we have access to our context.
How good is that?
At the moment we have the use of not open, empty string.
So you see that right now.
If you later when you see the sign of response, then you will have user name on the token.
Maybe user ID will be some object with name run
email will be something like run and or something like that.
So that sort of information, when you have, you will be able to access it.
So that's pretty cool.
Now let me also show you a few things when I'm here.
If you when you try to access something sometimes and you might get this kind of error like objects
are not valid as react side found the user with keys you know this type of information if you get objects
are invalid as react so most likely you are rendering some kind of object.
So always try to see.
You can try some console.log and see what you're trying to render.
Right?
For example, if you try out the door token, then it works.
So this is a single property you access in hardware.
When you try to show the entire object, you get that kind of fare.
All right.
So this interesting, very something you can always use to have a look at the object, how it looks,
what are the properties of that now that is not really, really well.
Right.
See, it's hard to read.
So in that case, you can pass some additional information, no second argument and then the space for.
So if you do that, you can see it is much more readable.
So you can always do this when you debugging it is super helpful.
Let me also remove this button from here.
Okay.
So we can leave this for now.
The moment later we come back and obviously do something exciting in the hope is but for the moment
we can leave it like that.
But here let me just remove this domain that.
All right.
Now, in the next lecture, we try to populate these values based on the response we get on sign up.